# Vision Statement
In the climbing community, there is a large focus on being able to connect with others and see how they have climbed. This desire ranges from the climbers at the local Calvin wall to the global climbing community from Red River to Yosemite. Our Climbing Log App should give users the ability to log when they have climbed, which routes they took (or just their favorite), and where they are currently climbing. It should also give them the ability to see their friends' climbing logs. Some of the goals for this project include allowing users to log their climbs, add routes, have a profile that contains recently climbed routes and favorite ones, and more.

There are a few existing apps that are similar to ours. MyClimb is probably the most similar. Mountain Project is more focused toward climbing locations than community or logging fitness. Climbing Trainer Timer is meant to be for home workouts or workouts that are not for daily climbing. Simple Climbing Log is very basic and bare-bones, and only meant for personal viewing.

At Calvin, there is a huge community full of people who are incredibly passionate about climbing. Communities like this would love to see this project come to fruition. Our app will be unique from the other climbing apps in that we will include friend and community tracking. Right now, there is only one other app that also includes this feature. Most climbing apps are geared towards either route compilation or personal training. Ours will allow users to track their stats and routes, but will have a focus on community tracking and sharing routes with their friends. We believe that there is a large audience of climbers that have not yet been reached, and if done correctly, this app could make a huge splash in the climbing community.
